Hi guys, 

you have asked me before to provide you with the description of changes we applied to OpenPF when we integrated it into the SeCMER tool. 
I know this is long overdue, but finally I had the time to take a look at it. 

All changes were based on snapshot r340 from SVN. The patch files are therefore currently expressed against these (possibly obsolete) versions. 

1. First of all, we made three changes to Ontology.xtext: (see the corresponding file-level .patch) 
        - added parentheses to the syntax of asset value, so that the grammar becomes unambigous 
        - changed the relationship abstract syntax so that source, target and dependum are distinguishable (this leaves the concrete syntax unaffected, but the abstract representation is much easier to process) 
        - fixed the simple typo CONSUMEs --> CONSUMES   
2. In GenerateOntology.mwe, "generateEdit = true" was added to the "ecore.EcoreGeneratorFragment" block (see attached file-level .patch) 
3. Then, the ontology projects were regenerated. 
4. In project argument.diagram, ArgumentDocumentProvider.java was slightly tweaked so that the graphical argument editor could be embedded within our editor. The modified methods were of course marked @generated NOT. See attached .patch file; this time, it is project-level, even though only one file was involved (sorry for the inconsistency). 
5. argument.patch, when applied to project argument, fixes a bug in plugin.xml where the generated package was incorrectly registered. (By the way, I now see that there is an incoming update r376 that modifies this section of plugin.xml. However the version Yijun has committed now ignores this bug, while it also introduces two other changes that seem problematic to me - both the URI setting and the classpath of the package class seem to be set to a wrong value.)   
6. A lot of projects seem to have had their classpath misconfigured: many plug-in dependencies were not set, and then to compensate, the project classpath setting was ovverrided incorrectly and unneccessarily. This made it difficult to build the projects, let alone a feature for an update site. My learned colleague has made an attempt to repair everything, and he seems to have succeeded. See OpenPF_dephell_fix.patch for the neccessary changes. 

I did not take the time yet to reconcile these changes with any updates you have made since on SVN. 

Best, 
Gábor 
